IBX-1588: Added category select and blacklist update (#123)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/personalization/perso_configuration.md

## Models

The **Models** page lists all available models and provides detailed information, 

> such as the scenarios that use each model or when the model was last triggered or segments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as the scenarios that use each model, when the model was last triggered, or segment that was used.
```
?
```suggestion
such as the scenarios that use each model, when the model was last triggered, or segments that the model was
```

- A timeframe in which the algorithm gathers events that are used in the calculation
- Submodels that can narrow down the list of model results

> - Segments that allow to get personalized content suitable for particular users groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Segments that allow getting personalized content suitable for particular user groups
```
